Docs: Align documentation with CSF v3 (#26621)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/writing-stories/index.md

<YouTubeCallout id="P0WHt_L0-2g" title="How to write Storybook stories | Component Story Format" />

> A story captures the rendered state of a UI component. It’s an object with annotations and a render function that returns a component’s state given a set of arguments.

Reviewer: @nkabrown we have room for improvement here and we can go with something along these lines:
```suggestion
A story captures the rendered state of a UI component. It's an object with annotations that describe the component's behavior and appearance given a set
of arguments.
```
